README.md, before:

### Hi there! I'm AdySec👋

- 🔭 I like to explore new technologies and develop software solutions and security research.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust and Python.
- 🤔 My website: https://adysec.com
- 📘 Site Introduction：[site.md](site.md)

### 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack

![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RUST-05122A?style=flat&logo=rust)&nbsp;
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-python-05122A?style=flat&logo=python)&nbsp;
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-05122A?style=flat&logo=javascript)&nbsp;
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-05122A?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=563D7C)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-05122A?style=flat&logo=HTML5)&nbsp;
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-05122A?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=1572B6)&nbsp;

### ⚙️ &nbsp;GitHub Analytics

[]()

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/adysec">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=adysec&show_icons=true&theme=algolia&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=adysec&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=algolia"/>
</a>
<img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=adysec&theme=monokai" width="95%" />
<img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=adysec&bg_color=2e292e&color=f5008f&line=4c9e74&point=096390&area=true&hide_border=true" width="94%" />
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README.md with updated bio and goals
Updated personal introduction and added contact information.

README.md, after:

### Hi there! I'm AdySec👋

- 🔭 I like to explore new technologies, develop software solutions, and conduct security research.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust and Python, aiming to build efficient and secure applications.
- 🦀 Rust is everywhere — I enjoy leveraging it for systems programming and performance-critical projects.
- 💡 Passionate about cybersecurity, penetration testing, and secure software development.
- 💻 Projects: I work on open-source tools and research exploits and security defenses.
- 🌐 My website: [adysec.com](https://adysec.com)
- 📘 Site Introduction: [site.md](site.md)
- 📫 Contact: admin@adysec.com
- 🎯 Goals: Continuously improve in systems programming, Rust, Python, and security research.

### 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack

![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RUST-05122A?style=flat&logo=rust)&nbsp;
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-python-05122A?style=flat&logo=python)&nbsp;
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-05122A?style=flat&logo=javascript)&nbsp;
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-05122A?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=563D7C)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-05122A?style=flat&logo=HTML5)&nbsp;
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-05122A?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=1572B6)&nbsp;

### ⚙️ &nbsp;GitHub Analytics

[]()

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/adysec">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=adysec&show_icons=true&theme=algolia&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=adysec&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=algolia"/>
</a>
<img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=adysec&theme=monokai" width="95%" />
<img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=adysec&bg_color=2e292e&color=f5008f&line=4c9e74&point=096390&area=true&hide_border=true" width="94%" />
</p>
